doc/md: add redshift (#2644)
ariga/atlas: doc/md/atlas-schema/hcl-types.md

  }
}
```

## Redshift

### Boolean

> The `boolean` and `bool` type allows creating standard SQL boolean columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `boolean` and `bool` types allow creating standard SQL boolean columns.
```

```hcl
table "t" {
  schema = schema.test
  column "c1" {
    type = boolean
  }
  column "c2" {
    # Alias to boolean.
    type = bool
  }
}
```

### Binary

> The `binary_varying`, `varbinary` and `varbyte` type allows creating binary string columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `binary_varying`, `varbinary` and `varbyte` types allow creating binary string columns.
```
